[Music]
antibiotics have revolutionized
healthcare they represent the hidden
backbone of modern medicine by enabling
medical advances such as surgical
procedures organ transplants and
chemotherapy they have saved countless
lives from death and disease caused by
bacterial infections alarmingly
anti-infective czar losing their
effectiveness because pathogens change
and find ways to resist the effects of
antibiotics leading to the development
of superbugs antimicrobial resistance or
AMR is widely recognized as one of the
biggest threats to global health today
it has the potential to affect anyone at
any age in any country
AMR causes 700,000 deaths annually
across the globe a number projected to
skyrocket to 10 million by the year 2050
if new interventions are not developed
at Pfizer we take this growing threat
very seriously driven by our desire to
protect global Public Health and address
the medical needs of patients suffering
from infectious diseases we are
committed to being a leading provider of
solutions to both help prevent and treat
infections we remain committed to
developing diverse solutions to address
AMR this includes expanding our diverse
portfolio of anti-infective medicines
and vaccines to treat and help prevent
serious infections around the world
growing our innovative surveillance tool
Atlas to help physicians better
understand evolving resistance patterns
advancing good stewardship to ensure
patients receive the correct antibiotic
only if it is needed and for the right
duration advancing global policy
leadership to facilitate antibiotic
development and proper use applying
responsible manufacturing practices that
minimize impact
human health and the environment it is
imperative to preserve the effectiveness
of existing antibiotics through good
stewardship and treatment practices and
effectively monitoring antibiotic
resistance globally through surveillance
Pfizer is proud to sponsor one of the
largest a.m. our surveillance programs
in the world which was recently
recognized by the access to medicines
benchmark report on AMR as a standout
among all surveillance programs our
global bacterial surveillance program
Atlas which stands for anti microbial
testing leadership and surveillance was
established in 2004 to monitor real-time
changes in bacterial resistance and
track trends in multi-drug resistance
longitudinally over time today
Atlas includes source information from
more than 760 hospitals across 73
countries including emerging markets
countries in Africa Asia and Latin
America
overall it has generated 14 years of
continuous global bacterial
susceptibility data Atlas data served to
inform health care practitioners and
researchers on changing resistance
trends in their regions and countries
and also supports global public health
authorities in developing antimicrobial
stewardship programs these data are
available to all free of charge through
a publicly available website and through
a mobile application antimicrobial
stewardship practices can help to reduce
the spread of AMR by applying greater
oversight of appropriate antibiotic
usage to enable more rational and
judicious prescribing practices Pfizer
encourages the responsible use of its
antimicrobial products by promoting the
selection of appropriate patients for
treatment and by using the optimal drug
regimen dose and duration of treatment
we are also addressing stewardship
through our support of appropriate
education and training programs for
physicians and hospitals around the
world but there are actions that every
individual can take to help us well when
you are prescribed an antibiotic
don't miss doses and please finish the
course of medication never take an
antibiotic prescribed for someone else
or prescribed to you for a different
infection and keep vaccinations
up-to-date for you and your family
vaccines are administered to help
prevent infections from happening in the
first place
thereby reducing the need for antibiotic
usage that can lead to the development
of resistance to date several studies
have demonstrated the beneficial role
vaccines play in the reduction of AMR
such as reducing the use of antibiotics
and preventing bacterial infections
which may in turn prevent antimicrobial
resistance infections from developing by
improving vaccination rates we can
reduce the burden of infectious diseases
and limit the need for antibiotic
treatments we believe governments and
public health communities must work
together with industry to take further
action and support measures that will
enable continued innovation in the
development of new antibiotics and
vaccines to help curb the spread of AMR
[Music]